c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\AccountValidator.dll.config
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\AccountValidator.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\AccountValidator.pdb
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\netstandard.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Collections.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Console.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Data.Common.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Globalization.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Linq.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Ping.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Requests.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Security.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Reflection.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Resources.Reader.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Resources.Writer.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.Principal.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Security.SecureString.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Threading.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Threading.Timer.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\AccountValidationService.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\AccountValidationService.pdb
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\obj\Debug\AccountValidation.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\obj\Debug\AccountValidation.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\obj\Debug\AccountValidation.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\obj\Debug\AccountValidator.dll
c:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidator\obj\Debug\AccountValidator.pdb
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\AccountValidator.dll.config
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\AccountValidator.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\AccountValidator.pdb
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\netstandard.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.ComponentModel.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Data.Common.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Globalization.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Ping.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Requests.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Security.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Sockets.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.ObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Reflection.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Resources.Reader.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Resources.Writer.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.Principal.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Security.SecureString.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Text.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Threading.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Threading.Thread.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Threading.Timer.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\AccountValidationService.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\AccountValidationService.pdb
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\obj\Debug\AccountValidation.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\obj\Debug\AccountValidation.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\obj\Debug\AccountValidation.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\obj\Debug\AccountValidator.dll
C:\Users\Killian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AccountValidator\AccountValidation\obj\Debug\AccountValidator.pdb
